---
title: "Apps That Pay"
bg: white
color: black
---


## Apps That Pay

Whether you're a starving artist, college student, or frugal stay-at-home Dad just trying to earn an extra buck, we've compiled some of the top apps that pay for you to explore. Check them out! 

## S'more

Most of these apps are going to make you work for a buck. [S'more](http://smoreapp.co) actually pays you for just sitting there! S'more displays ads on your lockscreen - silent, unobtrusive display ads - and then lets you cash out points at the end of the month. 

You need an Android phone to use S'more (Apple's terms and conditions won't allow this type of ad network) But once you've installed it, that's it! You're ready to start accumulating points. 

Typical payout is between $3 and 5 per month, which really adds up! Points can be exchanged for gift cards to Amazon and other popular retailers. 

You can downloaded the S'more app [here in the Google Play store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lab465.SmoreApp). 

## Fiverr
If you're good at anything, (and even if you're not), you should check out [Fiverr](https://www.fiverr.com/){: rel="nofollow"}. 

Fiverr lets you connect with other people around the world in need of a specific service. Usually they are one-off gigs. People come to Fiverr when they need a writer for a blog post, and artist that makes logos out of food, a e-book cover design of a unicorn, a musician for a jingle, etc. Just like the name suggests, the jobs usually pay $5 each. 

Obviously you can't make a fortune on $5 jobs, but it can help pad your wallet a bit. It also may give you an outlet to exercise hobbies you don't usually get to do. 

## Field Agent

If you love filling out surveys, this app is your you. It's called "Field Agent" because users with the app act as agents for large companies, helping them with grassroots research to collect photos, video, and information from stores and other locations. This information is used by those businesses to better serve their customers. Oh and the best part is, you can get paid!

Check out [the Field Agent website](https://app.fieldagent.net/?__hssc=&__hstc=&__hsfp=2649369792&hsCtaTracking=f6d43805-5c59-4981-9132-4c6c87b4545a%7C4180d139-d2b5-479a-8d44-80b67c729548
){: rel="nofollow"} for more info on how it works. 

## Foap
[Foap](https://www.foap.com/){: rel="nofollow"} is like Fiverr for amateur photographers. 

If you have a camera roll with over 10,000 photos on it that you've never posted online, this app is for you. You can upload those high quality that have never seen the light of day to Foap and maybe get paid for them! The idea of foap is that content creators are looking for cheaper alternatives to stock photography, at the same time that mobile phone cameras are getting better and better. If your photos sell, you'll get a percentage of the payout. Additionally you can earn extra rewards for highly rated images. 

It’s no secret that the Internet is full of “fauxtographers,” so if you’re even halfway decent at capturing beautiful images, you have a pretty good chance of standing out on Foap. Many major companies rely on Foap for images to be used in their catalogs and websites. If your photography skills go beyond the “everyday” photographer’s, you might end up making a connection that could lead to a much better-paying gig. 

## Ibotta

[Ibotta](https://ibotta.com/){: rel="nofollow"} is a service that, quite frankly, should be used by everyone.

We all buy groceries, and we all wish we didn’t have to spend so much on them. Ibotta provides rebates for specific grocery-related items bought at either supermarkets or retail stores, given that you kept the receipt. 

After doing your weekly food shopping, you upload a picture of your receipt to Ibotta, and - if you’ve purchased any of the items currently being featured - you’ll receive actual cash back. No reward points. No gimmicks. Actual cash.

Even better, you have the option of joining “teams” with specific shopping goals. Once your team reaches a goal, you’ll receive the predetermined monthly bonus reward. 

You can have your earnings transferred either to your PayPal or Venmo account, or, if you choose, you can purchase gift cards for various retailers with your money. 

Grocery shopping is getting more and more expensive every year. Ibotta can help put a little bit of that change back in your pocket.
